[Konvoy 2.x] Uninstall Note (#4414)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.0/choose_infrastructure/index.md

When installing Konvoy for a project, line-of-business, or enterprise, the first step is to determine the infrastructure on which you want to deploy.

> The infrastructure you select then determines the specific requirements for a successful installation. If you have decided to uninstall Konvoy, refer to the same infrastructure documentation you have selected for specific steps to take down your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The infrastructure you select then determines the specific requirements for a successful installation. If you decide to uninstall Konvoy, refer to the same infrastructure documentation you selected for the specific steps to take down your cluster.
```
